Introduce the Sway reference, a more technical Sway source of documentation. (#2562)
FuelLabs/sway: sway-book/src/documentation/misc/workarounds/importing.md

# Importing

In [external libraries](../../language/program-types/libraries/external.md) we have looked at how a library can be imported into a project so that code can be reused.

When it comes to importing only external libraries can be imported and any other type of program will result in an error.

This means that the following projects cannot be imported:

- [contracts](../../language/program-types/contract.md)

> - [internal libraries](../../language/program-types/libraries/internal.md)

Reviewer: Idk how I feel about us saying you can't import internal libraries.  IMO it's a bit confusing because don't we import them using the `dep` keyword.

- [scripts](../../language/program-types/script.md)
- [predicates](../../language/program-types/predicate.md)

> Contracts can be imported however the workaround is to move the `ABI` into an [external library](../../language/program-types/libraries/external.md) and import that library.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While contracts cannot be imported, a workaround is to move the contract's `abi` declaration into an [external library](../../language/program-types/libraries/external.md) and import that library anywhere the ABI it is needed.
```
